no this is a great question now Maddie
us what they do first audition or the x
factor it sounds really bad I wanted to
have a gas school and the boys have
their school and expectations once again
you would win the competition no I
didn't even expect to get through the
first light outside without let's go
yeah I got further and further on msn to
go okay to out of the judges was your
favorite you can take on Sebastian my
guy won't smell lb she loved to sew
all right now look out for you fantastic
you look like a rock star oh so many
rock stars we've tattoos now we felt
that you're getting back dirty yeah yeah
well what happens I wait until you see I
smell like now we don't agree on reg so
I pointed at college all these guys
everyone always told me that curls get
ago but clearly advise people to like
stay here no maybe not your second out
but which everything about getting a fun
Oh
all questions okay here now now where is
this three tough individual things
working out but have you ever thought
about maybe making avoiding
hey Trent bell and Johnny rough i would
go pretty good reckon I could join in
I wanted to feel like we do have a boy
man maybe I could show you some Tory
okay now run you through a few moves you
want everything to be so Corey forever
then talk about a baby feet you got to
move closely like to create that
chopping device okay you need a chopping
device let's go talking to one now we're
gonna woodshop Riverdance down and back
how will that work with our boy band
well I wouldn't dance no
we ready